MCLOUD-7072: Add CLI command for generating .magento.env.yaml (#8040)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/reference/ece-tools-reference.md

```terminal
Available commands:
  build                    Builds application

>   db-dump                  Creates backups of databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  db-dump                  Creates database backups
```

  deploy                   Deploys application
  help                     Displays help for a command
  list                     Lists commands
  patch                    Applies custom patches
  post-deploy              Performs after deploy operations
  run                      Execute scenario(s)
 backup
  backup:list              Shows the list of backup files
  backup:restore           Restore important configuration files. Run backup:list to show the list of backup files
 build
  build:generate           Generates all necessary files for build stage
  build:transfer           Transfer generated files into init directory
 cloud

>   cloud:config:create      Create .magento.env.yaml file from provided configuration. Overwrite file if it exists
>   cloud:config:update      Update .magento.env.yaml file with provided configuration. Create file if it does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cloud:config:create       Creates a `.magento.env.yaml` file with the specified build, deploy, and post-deploy variable configuration. Overwrites any existing `.magento,.env.yaml`file.
  cloud:config:update      Update the existing `.magento.env.yaml` file with the specified configuration. Create `.magento.env.yaml` file if it does not exist.
```

Reviewer: This is a little painful, but I'd suggest adding "." to all the table descriptions.  Because some entries have multiple sentences, it will be inconsistent if all entries do not have periods.  In most cases, the description is a sentence.

Author: Updated

 build
  build:generate           Generates all necessary files for build stage
  build:transfer           Transfer generated files into init directory
 cloud

>   cloud:config:create      Create .magento.env.yaml file from provided configuration. Overwrite file if exists.

Reviewer 2: The list of options has an inconsistent full stop at the end of each line. Please update to all lines either have a full-stop or not.

Author: Thank you for your suggestions, this command list is the output of `php ./vendor/bin/ece-tools list` command, so I need to update into `ece-tools` first.

>   cloud:config:create      Create .magento.env.yaml file from provided configuration. Overwrite file if exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  cloud:config:create      Create .magento.env.yaml file from provided configuration. Overwrite file if it exists.
```

>   cloud:config:update      Update .magento.env.yaml file with provided configuration. Create file if not exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  cloud:config:update      Update .magento.env.yaml file with provided configuration. Create file if it does not exist.
```

Author: updated

  dev:git:update-composer  Updates composer for deployment from git.
 env
  env:config:show          Display encoded cloud configuration environment variables
 error
  error:show               Display info about error by error id or info about all errors from the last deployment
 module
  module:refresh           Refresh config to enable newly added modules
 schema

>   schema:generate          Generate the schema dist file

Reviewer 2: 'dist' - please do not abbreviate words as it is not clear - is this 'distribution'?
